0.26   2005-09-20

- Finally should work properly under both mp1 and mp2.  Patches and
tests by Daisuke Maki.

- No longer depends on Apache::Cookie or Apache2::Cookie, but it will
use them if it can instead of CGI::Cookie.


0.25   2005-08-14

- Silenced a warning that could occur when using session length
cookies under mod_perl.


0.24   2005-08-01

- Optional parameters for store modules were not handled properly when
using Flex as the session class.  Added some tests.  Reported by Gavin
Carr.


0.23   2005-07-26

- If two sets of valid parameters for a class shared a parameter, an
error would be thrown if you used the second set, even if it was
complete.  Reported by Victor Felix.


0.22   2005-07-18

- Another fix for mod_perl2, this one from Jonas.


0.21   2005-06-20

- The fix for mod_perl2 caused a new cookie to be sent for each
request under mod_perl 1.  I love it!


0.20   2005-06-08

- Fix to make getting cookies work under mod_perl2.  Reported by
Baldvin Kovacs.


0.19   2005-02-15

- Add support for Apache::RequestRec as header_object by checking
header_object for err_headers_out and headers_out methods.


0.18   2004-06-30

- Made the password & lock_password parameters default to undef.


0.17   2004-04-23

- Fix a bug in checking parameters which could occur when the "commit"
parameter for Postgres, Oracle, or Sybcase was passed.  This caused a
fatal error when creating the wrapper object.  Patch by Max Baker.


0.16   2004-04-08

- No code changes, just include Class::Container in the dependencies.
Reported via CPAN testers.


0.15 2004-04-06

- No code changes, just added the SIGNATURE file to the manifest so
that signature checks don't fail.


0.14   2004-04-03

- Fix a bug which causes the constructor to complain that some
required parameters were missing when in fact the required parameters
had been given.  Reported by Jim Mozley.


0.13   2004-03-19

- Allow the cookie expiration to be set to "session", which is
equivalent to undef, and causes the cookie to expire when the browser
is closed.  Requested by Herald (RT #5615) for
MasonX::Request::WithApacheSession.

- Remove some incorrect default values for some parameters, which were
being set to undef when they shouldn't be.


0.12   2004-02-26

- Document that constructor can throw an exception.

- Document that session method accepts a session_id parameter.


0.11   2004-02-26

- Change default cookie name to "Apache-Session-Wrapper-cookie".

- Add subclassing docs.


0.10   2004-02-26

- First release


